Blogging.
So let's try to create a new app so we see the resource pool which separates our virtual machine with
different to boot.
No we try to create a new the up and see the option that we also click neo-GOP which chose your view
up.
And of course we have created new app or clone an existing app.
Of course this is the new one we do not have any Wii up before.
So when you give it a name any name that you want for use on the app or for it is on the up seat like
that.
Then we chose the center that we want to put this Wii up in next.
Then the same we give it some reservation normal low height.
It's it is the same as the Ursula's pool next then we have information finish and we'll have on your
the uprighted.
So then we need to put some video inside that we absolutely have zero zero information because it does
not have anything inside this.
Then we put for example this Windows and this second one right there.
So now we have two virtual machine inside that we operate on but this one for the base and this one
for two shaded paint that's connected to the database.
So of course there are still photo ops we have zero spews out on zero memory but we have some option
to config no.
If you check this up we have a do it on butan power on.
Do this mean will power on this virtual machine exist in the app and work together.
So we have that the same resource for permission virtual machine et cetera that store it out so we have
some conflict to do when we want to power on.
So for example this virtual machine of course we can send your own and will power on the virtual machine
number five then it will power on the virtual machine and a sixth and so on and so on.
So if we click all five they automatically on this one.
Then let's check the second one.
Of course it will take a little time apart on the second one.
If we click on this machine and try to check the SO lunch console like this one we have the Windows
XP port on critically.
Then of course after a moment he will start forward on the second one.
Let's just give it a time and that's it.
So no you see it start use the memory consumed the memory and the Spirit will start costumey.
But as we know I mean those XP need only some small Sibiu.
So the virtual machine Wartburg actually so let's discover some option into this virtual machine ported
on.
So we have action or even click on this one.
Of course we have bought it on part of an other option.
Vitrine machine.
If you want to create your machine of course we can create a new child up inside this one.
They knew what it was for we can create our support inside this Wii up there.
So we have the option to clone it's not available right now.
Then to play it.
And some other information there we have it it's sitting.